# Discord pyGame

## Table of content

> [Introduction](#introduction)<br>
>> [the Maintainer](#the-maintainer)<br>
>> [project information](#project-info)<br>

> [PyGame](#pygame)<br>
>> [What makes the bot unique](#what-makes-this-bot-unique)<br>
>> [How to use the bot](#how-to-use-the-bot))<br>

> [Features](#feautures)<br>
>>  [available games](#available-games)<br>
>>  [Eightball](#eightball)<br>
>>  [Jumble Game](#jumblegame)<br>
>>  [Scrabble](#scrabble)<br>
>>  [Little Proffessor](#little-proffessor)<br>
>> [Guess The Number](#guess-the-number)<br>

> [Credentials](#credentials)<br>
>> [Responsories](#responsories)<br>
>> [APIs](#api)<br>
>> [Disclaimers](#disclaimer)<br>
>>  [licence](#licence)<br>
>>  [contact](#contact-information)

## Introduction

### the Maintainer

goes by the name Kristoffer, born in 94, :flag_no:.<br>
maintaining Python & SQL projects<br>
otherwise just being a human.

### Project info

> Project start :<br>
>   23.10-21
>
>   Last update :<br>
>   26.01-23
>
>   SQL Database:<br>
>   mariadb

## PyGame

Creating some minigames for Discord<br> 
It is made with love, for the community, <br>

### What makes this bot unique

The unique thing about this bot, its made of love and its not automatically generated by an AI

### How to use the bot

/help frequentlyaskedquestions (category)

## Feautures

### Available games

-   JumbleGame
-   Scrabble
-   Eightball
-   Little Proffesor
-   Guess the number

### Eightball

*      If the question contains any ghlypts or digits an exception will rise ( except ?.,)
*      outputs a Philiosopic answer if the question does not raise an exception


### JumbleGame

The intention of the game is to unscrabble a given word <br>
The given word is based on category which is saved in a MariaDB database<br>
except randomized words, random words is provided by [API-Ninja](https://api-ninjas.com/)

If the user does write any characters which is not alphabetical an exception may occour

### Scrabble

The intention of the game is to send a valid English word into the program<br>
Then the program will check if the word actually is a word, the api is provided by [API-Ninja](https://api-ninjas.com/)

-   If the word does not exists, the player will recieve zero points for the word

The points system is ranged for each letter as in scrabble.


### Little Proffessor

Little Professor is a math game, which generates integers to (add, substract, devide / reminde / power of / module of )
based on the player level.

### Guess the number

As the title implies. The intetion for the game is to guess a number between given integers.

An Exception may occure:<br>

-   if user inputs any character which is non-integers.
-   if the user uses more than x seconds to answer.

## Credentials

### Responsories

-   pycord.py [Pycord Development](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord),  <br>
-   python_dotenv [Saurabh Kumar](https://github.com/motdotla/dotenv),<br>
-   requests [Kenneth Reitz](https://requests.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)<nt>

### API

-   [NAPI Ninjas](https://api-ninjas.com/)<br>

### Disclaimer

The developer can only have the responsibility,<br>
for how the projects is created, how it is used,<br>
is another story.

### [Licence](https://github.com/krigjo25/Discord/blob/main/licence)

### Contact information

-   Discord : krigjo25#5588<br>
-   Messenger : krigjo25<br>
-   website :